ALAD
Strength:
Very well structured. Beatiful iCn3D images, very informative and not overloaded!
Improvement:
When showing the 3D structure, you could point at the thing you are talking about to make it more clear.
Slides would be just as good with a little less text.

Glycine tRNA ligase
Strength: Extra information about mutation in terms of how conserved that region is across species.
Good amount of images.
Improvement: Slides would be just as good with a little less text. 
Rather little time on individual slides/images.

SOD Cu-Zn
Strength: Good idea to start with function, very well explained and not too detailed. 
You broke down a very complicated system into understandable bits.
Improvement: The part about ALS was very interesting, but relatively long compared to mutation-disease association.
A visualization of the 3D structure would have been a nice touch.

DJ-1
Strength: I like introduction "in a nutshell", nice! Slides are not overloaded, colorful and structured.
Primary, secondary and tertiary structures showed, explained and visualized in order, which I really liked.
Improvement: On the function slide (which is a perfect presentation slide) one could have pointed at the function 
while talking about it. Only the slide "D149 & A104T lost metal cytotoxicity...." was a bit too heavy and a bit
confusingly arranged.

SOD2 Mn
Strength: Free speech was easy to follow, no long, complicated sentences. Shows that you know what you're talking about.
The visualizations in different styles and colours helped with understanding.
Improvement: Nice that you know the amino acid position of active sites, but the actual numbers are irrelevant for the
viewer. Many complex pictures of pathways and fuction are hard to handle, but did make a good effort to simplify it.

H-Ras
Strength: The very first slide is really nice and clean, actually all slides in general. Great visualizations.
Improvement: It's important to speak loud and clear, it will make it easier to follow the content of the presentation.
